Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here!
And today we'll be talking about a fantasy
action film called A writer's Odyssey!
Be ready for some spoilers ahead!
Somewhere far away in the lands of an ancient
city, a little girl's voice can be heard shouting
for her father inside the underground caves.
A man runs desperately towards the sound of
his daughter, but only see the presence of
a deity's aura blocking his way.
It turns out that everything was a dream that
belongs to a man called Guan Ning, and his
daughter Tangerine has been missing for over
6 years.
He waits patiently on the hill top, and eventually
sees a truck driving by on the road, causing
the man to tremble in fury.
The two men in the vehicle drive slowly in
the fog and suddenly, numerous rocks begin
to fly towards the truck, breaking the windshields
and knocking off the mirrors.
It's revealed that Guan Ning is responsible
for the attacks as he throw rocks towards
the men in blinding speed, somehow making
it curve along the way.
The truck crashes towards the side of road
and stops, while Guan Ning rushes towards
the driver, beating him continuously using
a stick.
He shows the man a picture of his daughter
and demands to know where the driver took
her, but before the interrogation's over,
the second man come out and knocks Guan Ning
down, giving them a chance to run away.
The police arrive soon after and captures
the the man, confusing Guan Ning as one of
the human traffickers
Luckily, he begins attacking one of the officers
when the man was left alone, and manages to
break free after escaping into a woman's car,
who seems to have been purposely waiting for
him.
It turns out that the woman's name is Ling,
and she knows every minute details about the
man, including his reoccurring dreams about
his daughter.
She bring Guan Ning to her office and shows
him that they have located five different
girls who might be the man's daughter, using
their company's vast resources.
Unfortunately, the man can no long recognize
his child after so many years, preventing
him to identify his daughter from the pictures.
Ling promises to use their DNA technology
to find the man's daughter, but she also demands
Guan Ning to complete a task for her superior,
Li, who's also the owner of the company.
Ling is aware of the man's powers to control
projectiles that he throws, and wants the
man to kill a writer named Kong, who uses
himself as the main character for his novel.
Apparently, there's an evil deity called Redmane
in the author's book, and every time the character
is wounded, her boss also falls into great
illness.
They tried everything to stop the author from
writing the story, but the man refuses to
comply, and her boss decided that the only
way to end this curse is to end the author's
life.
Guan Ning has a hard time believing this ridiculous
tale, but he has no choice but to take the
deal, as he sees no other way in finding his
daughter.
The man begins to listen to the audio books
of the author as he travels on boat, and realizes
that the contents are almost identical to
his dreams.
In the lands that he sees every time he sleeps,
The main character Kong is running away from
the bounty hunters, who attacks him with supernatural
powers.
He continues to run despite being heavily
wounded, but eventually arrives on edge of
a cliff, surrounded by enemies who try to
take his life.
Luckily, his sister rushes in to the rescue
and kills the attackers by using her spear.
She tells her brother to run away from the
city, and pushes him over the cliff, causing
the man to fall into the waters below.
The woman begins fighting the hunters by herself,
slashing at the enemies furiously and dodging
their attacks with her amazing agility.
She manages to kill many of the soldiers as
their leader watches her from a distance and
plans to attack.
The old man finally charges in and strikes
at the woman, knocking her backwards using
incredible strength.
At the same time, Kong has recovered inside
the water, but instead of listening to his
sister, the man begins climbing back onto
the mountain, unable to leave his family behind.
When he finally makes it back on land, Kong
sees the sister heavily wounded on the ground,
who still tries to protect him by telling
him to run.
Before the woman can finish talking, the old
man steps on her body and stabs her right
in the back, killing her in front of her brother.
Kong runs to the woman and cries hopelessly
as he sees her take the last breath, but soon
realizes that the enemy is also heavily damaged
by the fight.
Apparently, the hunter was hired by the deity
called Redmane, and the man laughs while telling
Kong that he has nowhere to run.
In a fit of rage, he pulls the spear out from
the man's back, causing the hunter to scream
in agony.
Kong ignores the man's plead for mercy, and
stabs him right in the heart, finally avenging
his sister's death.
After burying his family, Kong decides to
go after the evil God instead of running like
his sister told him, refusing to be the prey
any more.
However, before the man leaves, the armor
from the hunter's body disassembles and rushes
towards Kong, latching onto him like a parasite
and sucking into his blood vessels.
A horrific eye forms in the center of the
armor, and reveals that this demon was drinking
from the old man's blood before Kong ended
his life.
The armor finds the man's desire to slay a
deity amusing, and demands to be a spectator
for the journey, as it shows Kong the way
into the Redmane's temple.
At the same time, Guan Ning has arrived in
the city where the author resides, and eventually
finds the man leaving his home.
He begins following the writer in order to
isolate the man for the kill, but is quickly
led to a library instead.
With no other choice, he grabs a book and
tries to blend in, but Kong has noticed the
stalker very quickly, as the place is basically
empty.
The writer walks over and confronts him by
questioning his motivations, but Guan Ning
is able to react quickly by claiming to be
one of the author's fans.
Kong is exhilarated by the recognition, and
begins asking a series of question about Guan
Ning's past, eventually finding out that the
man came all the way across the seas.
Guan Ning's unexpected appearance has apparently
cured the writer's mental block for his new
character, and Kong begins writing immediately
from the sudden inspiration.
He continues the story where the main character
is traveling across the great seas, avoiding
the monsters in the waters while he heads
closer to the deity's temple.
Kong eventually arrives inside a city and
sees the people celebrating in a festival,
where colorful statues are being displayed
while the drums are being hammered.
Unsure of what's going go, he follows the
people into the outer edges of town, where
a giant statue of the Redmane appears in the
center.
The people begin to worship the deity by bowing
continuously, while the statue raises the
arm and points towards the neighboring town.
To the man's shock, everyone starts taking
out their weapons and begins chanting the
God's name, preparing to battle their neighbors
to death.
The demon armor explains that the deity thrives
on humanity's suffering, and is responsible
for destroying most of the cities, leaving
only two standing.
The townsmen begin to charge across the battlefield,
as the neighboring archers shoot desperately
at the invaders, killing many of the people
as they fall from the sea of arrows.
However, the tides quickly turns when numerous
dragons made from hot air balloons appear
and heads towards the neighboring town, scaring
the archers into shooting aimlessly at the
sky.
The people on the dragons begin to throw numerous
jars of tar onto the enemies below, covering
them with extremely flammable materials.
Flame arrow are quickly shot by the followers
of the evil god, heading towards the enemy's
gates and creating a sea of fire.
Kong watches in utter disgust as he sees the
people screaming while being burned alive,
all because of the unholy deity.
After the furious battle, the main character
walks into the city, only to see the men pillaging
and killing everyone in sight.
Before he can make sense of this reality,
a battle horn sounds from far away, and the
people all bow down in fear, as multiple knights
in crimson armor rush in on their horses.
Kong watches while hiding behind the buildings
and recognizes their flags as resembling the
mark on the hunters, revealing that the knights
are diciples of the evil god.
The horsemen rides away while sounding the
horns once again, prompting the people to
run in fear as they scream that the curfew
is in place.
Meanwhile, Guan Ning is trying to lure the
author away from the population centers, so
that he may have a chance to kill the man
without being noticed.
They head into the abandoned field that's
covered in plants, and Kong begins hearing
a lullaby from the far distance, while Guan
Ning is too tense to notice the music.
The author has a sudden inspiration once again
after listening to the song, and immediately
begins writing a new character that's based
on the lyrics.
The novel continues as the main character
chases recklessly behind the red knights,
and notices a young girl by the alleys trying
to save her friend,
but upon examination, the boy has died a long
time ago.
Kong helps the girl bury her friend, and learns
that the Redmane disallows anyone to leave
their homes after sunset, threatening to kill
all who disobeys the orders.
The girl begins playing the flute in memory
of the fallen friend, but the music seems
to have attracted the attention of one of
the knights, who appears quickly at the graveyard.
Thinking that the warrior is here to slay
them for disobeying the curfew, Kong quickly
runs away with the girl while the knight jumps
towards them and chases closely behind.
They run into the cities and tries to climb
onto the buildings, but the warrior crashes
through the barriers with incredible strength
and leaps onto the rooftops.
Kong tries to carry the girl and run, but
the warrior jumps once again and barely misses
them while breaking through the ceilings and
landing inside the buildings.
The knight continues chasing after them as
he breaks through the walls like paper,
but what he doesn't realize is that Kong plans
to trick him by switching the girl using a
strawman.
The main character jumps down from the buildings
and barely misses the attacker, sending him
crashing towards the ground.
The man continues to run while evading the
attacks, but eventually gets trapped by the
knight as he grabs onto the decoy, revealing
that it's nothing but straws.
Kong charges at the enemy and lands a direct
hit on the head, but the attack was ineffective
as the knight recovers quickly and kicks the
man across the field.
The warrior pulls out the weapon from his
mask, and surprisingly reveals Guan Ning's
face from underneath.
Before the knight can deal the final blow,
the girl shouts for him to stop, and the warrior
begins turning around, switching the attention
to the young child.
However, as the sun finally sets, the knight
begins to act strangely as he loses control
of his body, eventually stopping completely,
giving Kong the chance to escape with the
girl.
At the same time, Guan Ning sneaks behind
the author while the man is engulfed in writing
the story, but strangely he begins having
visions as if he was chasing the girl in the
novel.
Kong eventually realizes that his friend is
missing, but suddenly gets hit by rocks that
knocks him to the ground, causing him to scream
in pain.
Guan Ning continues throwing the stones, landing
a devastating hit on the writer's forehead,
knocking the man into the trenches.
He rushes out from behind the buildings and
tries to end the man's life, while singing
the lullaby for his daughter, trying to justify
for his terrible actions.
Surprisingly, Guan Ning begins hearing the
same song that Kong was talking about earlier,
and realizes that it's the lullaby only his
daughter would know.
The man runs quickly as he tries to follow
the music, eventually arriving back into the
city and sees a homeless boy on the ground,
going through the garbage while singing the
song.
Guan Ning demands to know where he learned
to sing the lullaby, but the man's extreme
emptions only manages to scare the boy away,
as they both run desperately in the streets.
The man chases furiously behind the boy, but
he suddenly begins having the visions again,
like he was chasing the young girl in the
novels as the crimson warrior.
Guan Ning ignores the visions and keeps running,
but as the night approaches and the street
darkens, he eventually losses track of the
young boy as well.
With no other choice, he calls the writer
to meet up once more, so that he can finally
finish the job that he stared.
They meet on the roof top and the author begins
talking about his novel, but surprisingly,
Kong reveals that he wrote a new character
that's based on Guan Ning, and used the lullaby
that he heard earlier to construct the little
girl called Tangerine.
Shocked at hearing this revelations, Guan
Ning immediately takes the notes and begins
reading them, realizing that his visions match
perfectly with the Crimson knight's stories.
This means that somehow Kong has created a
parallel universe through his writings and
made alternative version of characters from
this world, including his own daughter Tangerine.
It would also explain why Li wants to kill
the writer, as the novel has the power to
affect the events of this world as well.
After the epiphany, Guan Ning calls Ling to
tell her that he quit, as he wants Kong to
finish the book so that his daughter can be
saved in the other world.
At the same time, Kong manages to escape the
red knight alongside the girl, and they continue
across the city that contains nothing but
suffering.
The two eventually arrive inside the girl's
home, where Kong learns that her parents have
died as well after disobeying the curfew.
Before they can rest, numerous followers of
the Redmane rushes inside and tries to pillage
the home, robbing everything that they can.
Tangerine refuses to let go of her parent's
possessions, and plans to fight against the
evil men while Kong decides to protect the
girl no matter the cost.
The people charge at them with fury, but suddenly,
Kong's demon armor becomes awakened and slashes
at the enemies, killing them easily with his
swords.
The men try to fight back, but the demon strikes
at the people using incredible speed, killing
them one by one with little efforts, as the
blood flies everywhere.
The monster's body is immune to normal weapons,
making the attacks against him useless while
he dismantles the people by slashing them
continuously.
After killing all the enemies, the armor tries
to launch at Kong as well, but surprisingly,
he's not able to harm the man in any way,
as his movements are controlled by the main
character.
Seeing the demon's evil intents, Kong makes
the monster stab himself and forces the creature
to kneel down, driving the demon into submission.
The armor realizes that Kong's blood which
he drank must have celestial origins, and
returns onto the man's body, promising to
never disobey him again.
With the newly obtained ally, Kong decides
to head straight for the Redmane's temple,
eventually arriving inside a massive courtyard,
where they find numerous crimson warriors
sitting on the ground.
Surprised that the enemies did not attack
them on sight, Kong approaches the knights
carefully,
and realizes that they are not responsive
at all, allowing him to topple many of them
as if they are sleeping.
It turns out that the purpose of the curfew
was to hide the secrets of the red knights,
as they all become immobile right after sunset.
They continue forwards and eventually enters
a large building, and Kong shouts for the
deity to show himself, but hears no response
except for what appears to be drums playing
in the background.
Suddenly, Tangerine notices something frightening
as the giant statue in front of them begins
moving, revealing that the drums were actually
heart beats.
The giant deity raises the arms while the
rocks on his body crumble from the deafening
vibrations.
He grabs onto a massive stone and throws it
at the pillars, blocking the exit so that
no one can escape and demonstrating the incredible
power that he possesses.
The giant deity charges at the two and stares
at them closely, while they tremble in fear
at the shear mass of their enemy.
Redmane looks at Kong intriguingly, and begins
smelling the man like an animal, confirming
that he's in fact the son of Tian, his greatest
rival and friend.
The deity becomes furious at the thought of
his nemesis, and dares the young man to avenge
his father.
He offers to show Kong the place that he killed
the old man, so that he can kill the son of
his rival by using the exact same methods.
On the other side, Guan Ning has taken the
author back to his home so that the man can
finish writing the book, but soon finds a
curious picture of Ling's boss, Li on top
of the shelf.
It turns out that Kong's father was the business
partner of Li, and the man was supposedly
killed during a fatal accident while Li was
also present.
Guan Ning realizes that Li's true motivations
might be more sinister than previously thought,
and tells Kong to pack up so that they can
go to a safer place.
What they don't realize is that Ling has also
heard about their conversations, and finally
becomes aware of her boss's evil intentions
to hide the truth about his partner's death,
which was likely not an accident after all.
Ling calls her boss and demands to know the
truth, but the business man only threatens
her as a result, assuring the woman that only
bad things can happen to those who betray
him.
She goes back to her car and throws away the
phone, planning to quit as well, but is quickly
knocked unconscious by one of Li's men, who
electrocutes her inside the rain.
Meanwhile, Guan Ning takes Kong to the library,
so that the writer can finish the book while
he loads up numerous golf balls and prepares
to fight if necessary.
Just like he predicted, the assassins from
Li followed them to the building, and begins
attacking the man on sight.
Guan Ning is able to trick one of the assassins
and lands a direct hit on the man's head,
but the attack was ineffective as the enemy
manages to recover almost immediately.
The electricity man pours water on Guan Ning,
and shocks him using high voltages, forcing
the man to run and tackle the other assassin,
knocking them both onto the floor.
He continues throwing the golf balls at the
assassins, but the electricity man takes a
giant fan and charges forwards, trying to
slash the man into pieces.
Luckily, Guan Ning is able to fend off the
two attackers long enough so that he can find
the chance to escape from being killed.
However, the electricity man soon discovers
Guan Ning's whereabouts, and corners him with
no where to run.
The assassin approaches closer and tries to
make the kill, but surprisingly, when he touches
the man, the attack backfires and sends him
flying across the room.
It turns out that this whole thing was a trap,
and Guan Ning has prepared for this ahead
of time by insolating his hands.
Guan Ning goes back to the lobby and strikes
the other man when he's not looking, knocking
the assassin onto the ground.
Just when he think the fight is over, the
enemy injects a serum into himself, giving
him superhuman strength as he knocks the furnitures
flying and jumps out like a beast.
The assassin charges at Guan Ning, dodging
all the projectiles and punching the man into
the walls.
Luckily, Ling is able to regain consciousness
and free herself, as Guan Ning is being tossed
around like a rag doll.
Before the man can be killed, the woman jumps
onto the assassin and stabs him repeatedly,
but the attacks are not effective and she's
thrown off very easily.
She strikes the man multiple times, but the
woman is no match for the assasin's strength,
as she gets pummeled to the floor as well.
In the last moment, Guan Ning takes the golf
balls and throws it at the assassin, while
the man tries to knock the projectiles away.
However, it turns out that Guan Ning threw
a trick shot using two balls, and it hit with
tremendous power, knocking the enemy out.
Meanwhile in the other world, Kong has followed
the Redmane into an open field, where a giant
tree stands in the middle.
The deity tells the young man that this is
where he murdered Tian, so that he can be
reminded everyday of his best friend's betrayal.
The giant launches towards Kong and attacks
using his enormous fist, but the man splits
up with the armor and charges towards the
God.
The two cuts away at the deity's legs, but
eventually misses as the Redmane demonstrates
incredible speed despite his massive size.
The giant retaliates immediately and sends
Kong flying in the air as he barely dodges
the kick.
Redmane launches at them once again and creates
a massive shockwave, knocking the demon armor
across the field.
The deity then turns the attention towards
the man and attacks viciously, while Kong
tries desperately to run for his life.
The armor recovers quickly and charges in
to help his friend, slashing furiously at
the evil god and forcing a temporary stalemate.
Kong takes the chance and jumps down from
the mountain, trying to strike at the deity
from above, but Redmane is too strong and
counter by knocking both of them away.
The giant grabs onto Kong and tries to torture
the man by squeezing him to death, but the
armor manages throw his weapon and cut the
deity's hand, saving his friend in the last
moment.
However, the attack only results in angering
the god even more, as he grabs onto the demon
armor and crushes the creature into nothing
but dust.
Redmane turns the attention towards Kong and
crushes him slowly by using one finger, but
before the man can be killed, the deity hears
a song being played by the girl's flute.
He walks towards Tangerine and wonders why
she's playing music at a time like this, as
she's going to be killed very soon,
but the girl continues to play as her father
told her that he would come if he ever hears
her tune.
Redmane becomes angry at the child's persistence
and grabs onto her using his tentacles, devouring
her completely inside his stomach,
but the story pauses right at this moment
as the author hesitates about what to write
next.
However, little does he know that a another
assassin is sneaking behind him, waiting to
strike the man down.
Ling hears the struggle upstairs and rushes
to help the author, subduing the attacker
while Guan Ning makes it into the room, but
they're too late as Kong is already heavily
wounded.
They call the ambulance right away and sends
the man to the hospital, but Kong's life is
now at stake and the book was never finished.
To everyone's surprise, Li arrives into the
room and makes the last attempt to bribe the
two,
offering to give them millions of dollars
if they finish off the writer and keep their
mouths shut.
The man's pathetic attempt at negotiation
is quickly rejected by Ling, as she knocks
him onto the bed and strikes him across the
face.
With no other choice, Guan Ning decides to
finish the novel himself, trying desperately
to save his daughter from the other world.
The story continues as Redmane thinks that
he's won the battle, Knocking Kong away like
a fly and causing the man to spit out blood,
but soon begins hearing the music once again,
as Tangerine continues to play her flute despite
being devoured.
Suddenly, a cloud of red smoke appears out
of nowhere, while Guan Ning from this universe
arrives in the form of the red warrior to
save his daughter.
The man begins firing his Gatling gun towards
the evil god, forcing the deity back and destroying
his mask.
Guan Ning Continues firing at the Redmane
as the giant tries to run for the hills and
desperately evade the attacks.
Eventually, the god is able to get closer
and launches at the red knight, knocking the
man backwards as he drops the massive gun.
However, Guan Ning is able to recover quickly
and leaps towards the sky, jumping down with
a devastating strike that cuts off the giant's
fingers.
Redmane becomes furious at the mortal and
strikes the man using incredible force, sending
Guan Ning flying into the walls as he launches
a barrage of punches.
After hearing his daughter's cries, the red
knight gathers all his might and manages to
push back the giant's fist, knocking the monster
away and running quickly towards the massive
tree.
Kong takes this opportunity and jumps down
towards the god, grabbing onto the creature's
sword on the forehead, and tries desperately
to pull it out, realizing that it's the deity's
weakness.
The giant struggles and tries to stop the
man by using his tentacles, but Guan Ning
jumps up and grabs onto the weapon as well,
ripping it out from the god's head and cutting
him across the body, finally defeating their
enemy as Redmane kneels motionlessly on the
ground.
The deity throws out the girl from his teeth
while the red knight catches her in the last
moment, revealing that tangerine is still
alive.
The girl takes off the warrior's helmet and
finally sees her father's face, as the two
embrace with tears in their eyes.
Meanwhile in the other reality, Guan Ning
has finished writing the novel, and the nurse
reveals that Kong has survived the wounds
on his stomach.
The father looks out from the windows and
suddenly sees something very important, causing
him to immediately run to the outside.
The man rushes out from the hospital and sees
the homeless boy from before along side a
young girl,
prompting the man to begin singing the lullaby
as Tangerine slowly turns around, realizing
that it's her father.
So what do you guys think about this movie?
Let me know in the comments below!
And if you like my video please press like
and subscribe for more, I'll see you guys
next time!